feat: math expressions in input fields (#1106)
refinedmods/refinedstorage2: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

-   You can now configure Refined Storage to not require energy. Controllers are not necessary in this case. Creative variants of items will be hidden and items will function without energy.

> -   Support for entering math expressions when requesting a craft, creating a pattern, and configuring a detector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Support for entering math expressions when requesting autocrafting, creating a processing pattern, and configuring a detector.
```
